lib: modem_slm: Refactor UART implementation. (#21982)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    Even within the same network, the PDN connection establishment method (PCO vs ePCO) might change when the device operates in NB-IoT or LTE Cat-M1, resulting in missing DNS addresses when one method is used, but not the other.
    Having a fallback DNS address ensures that the device always has a DNS to fallback to.

> * :ref:`lib_modem_slm` library:

Reviewer: Change the order to Added, Updated, Removed.

  * Updated the UART implementation between the host device, using the :ref:`lib_modem_slm` library, and the device running the :ref:`Serial LTE Modem <slm_description>` application.

>   * Removed:
>       * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_DMA_MAXLEN` Kconfig option. Use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_RX_BUF_SIZE` instead.
>       * The :c:func:`modem_slm_reset_uart` as there is no longer need to reset the UART.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed:

      * The ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_DMA_MAXLEN`` Kconfig option.
        Use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_RX_BUF_SIZE` instead.
      * The ``modem_slm_reset_uart`` function as there is no longer need to reset the UART.
```

>   * Added:
>       * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_RX_BUF_COUNT` Kconfig option for configuring RX buffer count.
>       * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_RX_BUF_SIZE` Kconfig option for configuring RX buffer size.
>       * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_TX_BUF_SIZE` Kconfig option for configuring TX buffer size.
>       * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_AT_CMD_RESP_MAX_SIZE` Kconfig option for buffering AT command responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added:

      * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_RX_BUF_COUNT` Kconfig option for configuring the RX buffer count.
      * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_RX_BUF_SIZE` Kconfig option for configuring the RX buffer size.
      * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_UART_TX_BUF_SIZE` Kconfig option for configuring the TX buffer size.
      * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_AT_CMD_RESP_MAX_SIZE` Kconfig option for buffering AT command responses.
```
